---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "axm_apple_device_management_device Data Source - terraform-provider-axm"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Fetches detailed information about a specific Apple device enrolled in a device management service.
---

# axm_apple_device_management_device (Data Source)

Fetches detailed information about a specific Apple device enrolled in a device management service.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "axm_apple_device_management_device" "example" {
  id = "DEE58089D88646E78395FE80BEAAFF94"
}

output "example_device" {
  value = data.axm_apple_device_management_device.example
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) The opaque resource ID that uniquely identifies the resource.

### Optional

- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `bluetooth_mac_address` (String) The Bluetooth MAC address of the device.
- `device_erase_status` (String) The erase status of the device.
- `device_lock_status` (String) The lock status of the device.
- `device_model` (String) The model of the device.
- `device_name` (String) The name of the device.
- `ethernet_mac_address` (String) The Ethernet MAC address of the device.
- `imei` (List of String) The IMEI numbers of the device.
- `is_filevault_enabled` (Boolean) A Boolean value indicating whether FileVault is enabled on the device.
- `is_firewall_enabled` (Boolean) A Boolean value indicating whether the firewall is enabled on the device.
- `last_check_in_date_time` (String) The date and time the device last checked in.
- `lost_mode_status` (String) The lost mode status of the device.
- `meid` (List of String) The Mobile Equipment Identifier numbers of the device.
- `os_version` (String) The operating system version of the device.
- `platform` (String) The platform of the device.
- `serial_number` (String) The serial number of the device.
- `storage_free_capacity` (Number) The free storage capacity of the device, in bytes.
- `storage_total_capacity` (Number) The total storage capacity of the device, in bytes.
- `type` (String) The type of the resource.
- `wifi_mac_address` (String) The Wi-Fi MAC address of the device.

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
