---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "axm_device_management_service Data Source - terraform-provider-axm"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Fetches information about a specific device management service (MDM server) from Apple Business Manager.
---

# axm_device_management_service (Data Source)

Fetches information about a specific device management service (MDM server) from Apple Business Manager.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "axm_device_management_service" "example" {
  id = "12345678ABCD9012EFGH5678IJKL9012"
}

output "mdm_server" {
  value = data.axm_device_management_service.example
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) The opaque resource ID that uniquely identifies the resource.

### Optional

- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `allow_release` (Boolean) A Boolean value that indicates whether the device management service is allowed to disown its enrolled devices.
- `created_date_time` (String) The date and time of the creation of the resource.
- `default_product_families` (List of String) The product families that are assigned by default to this device management service. Read/update only.
- `device_count` (Number) The number of devices currently assigned to this device management service. Read only.
- `last_connected_date_time` (String) The date and time the device management service last connected to Apple's servers. Read only.
- `last_connected_ip` (String) The IP address from which the device management service last connected to Apple's servers. Read only.
- `server_name` (String) The device management service's name.
- `server_type` (String) The type of device management service: MDM, APPLE_CONFIGURATOR, APPLE_MDM. Read only.
- `status` (String) The operational status of the device management service. Read only.
- `type` (String) The type of the resource (mdmServers).
- `updated_date_time` (String) The date and time of the most-recent update for the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
