---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "axm_device_management_services Data Source - terraform-provider-axm"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Fetches the list of device management services.
---

# axm_device_management_services (Data Source)

Fetches the list of device management services.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "axm_device_management_services" "all" {}

output "all_mdm_servers" {
  value = data.axm_device_management_services.all
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Identifier for this data source.
- `servers` (Attributes List) List of device management services. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--servers))

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).


<a id="nestedatt--servers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `servers`

Read-Only:

- `allow_release` (Boolean) Allow this service to release devices.
- `created_date_time` (String) The date and time of the creation of the resource.
- `default_product_families` (List of String) Default product families assigned to this MDM server.
- `device_count` (Number) Number of devices assigned to this MDM server.
- `id` (String) The opaque resource ID that uniquely identifies the resource.
- `last_connected_date_time` (String) Date and time the MDM server last connected to Apple Business Manager.
- `last_connected_ip` (String) IP address of the last connection from the MDM server.
- `server_name` (String) The device management service's name.
- `server_type` (String) The type of device management service: MDM, APPLE_CONFIGURATOR, APPLE_MDM.
- `status` (String) MDM server status.
- `type` (String) The type of the resource (mdmServers).
- `updated_date_time` (String) The date and time of the most-recent update for the resource.
