---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "axm_organization_device Data Source - terraform-provider-axm"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Fetches information about a specific device from Apple Business or School Manager.
---

# axm_organization_device (Data Source)

Fetches information about a specific device from Apple Business or School Manager.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "axm_organization_device" "example" {
  id = "GX7N12345XYZ"
}

output "example_device" {
  value = data.axm_organization_device.example
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) The opaque resource ID that uniquely identifies the resource.

### Optional

- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `added_to_org_date_time` (String) The date and time of adding the device to an organization.
- `bluetooth_mac_address` (String) The device's Bluetooth MAC address.
- `color` (String) The color of the device.
- `device_capacity` (String) The capacity of the device.
- `device_model` (String) The model name.
- `eid` (String) The device's EID (if available).
- `ethernet_mac_address` (List of String) The device's built-in Ethernet MAC addresses.
- `imei` (List of String) The device's IMEI (if available).
- `meid` (List of String) The device's MEID (if available).
- `order_date_time` (String) The date and time of placing the device's order.
- `order_number` (String) The order number of the device.
- `part_number` (String) The part number of the device.
- `product_family` (String) The device's Apple product family: iPhone, iPad,Mac, AppleTV, Watch, or Vision.
- `product_type` (String) The device's product type: (examples: iPhone14,3, iPad13,4, MacBookPro14,2).
- `purchase_source_id` (String) The unique ID of the purchase source type: Apple Customer Number or Reseller Number.
- `purchase_source_type` (String) The type of the purchase source.
- `released_from_org_date_time` (String) The date and time the device was released from an organization. This will be null if the device hasn't been released. Currently only querying by a single device is supported. Batch device queries aren’t currently supported for this property.
- `serial_number` (String) The device's serial number.
- `status` (String) The device's status: ASSIGNED or UNASSIGNED. If ASSIGNED, use a separate API to get the information of the assigned server.
- `type` (String) The type of the device.
- `updated_date_time` (String) The date and time of the most-recent update for the device.
- `wifi_mac_address` (String) The device's Wi-Fi MAC address.

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
