---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "axm_user Data Source - terraform-provider-axm"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Fetches information about a specific user from Apple Business Manager.
---

# axm_user (Data Source)

Fetches information about a specific user from Apple Business Manager.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "axm_user" "example" {
  id = "1234567890"
}

output "example_user" {
  value = data.axm_user.example
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) The user ID.

### Optional

- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `cost_center` (String) The cost center the user belongs to in the organization.
- `created_date_time` (String) The date and time that the user was created.
- `department` (String) The department the user belongs to in the organization.
- `division` (String) The division the user belongs to in the organization.
- `email` (String) The user's email address.
- `employee_number` (String) The employee number of the user.
- `first_name` (String) The user's first name.
- `is_external_user` (Boolean) Indicates if the user is an external user invited to the organization.
- `job_title` (String) The job title the user holds in the organization.
- `last_name` (String) The user's last name.
- `managed_apple_account` (String) The Apple Account of the user registered in the system.
- `middle_name` (String) The user's middle name.
- `phone_numbers` (Attributes List) Phone numbers for the user. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--phone_numbers))
- `role_ou_list` (Attributes List) A list of role-organizational unit mappings for the user. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--role_ou_list))
- `start_date_time` (String) The date and time when the user started as part of the organization.
- `status` (String) The status of the user.
- `type` (String) The resource type.
- `updated_date_time` (String) The date and time that the user was last updated.

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).


<a id="nestedatt--phone_numbers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `phone_numbers`

Read-Only:

- `phone_number` (String) The phone number.
- `type` (String) The phone number type.


<a id="nestedatt--role_ou_list"></a>
### Nested Schema for `role_ou_list`

Read-Only:

- `ou_id` (String) The organizational unit ID.
- `role_name` (String) The role name.
